README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2024

[![Github actions](https://github.com/cemusta/aoc-2024/actions/workflows/deno.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cemusta/aoc-2024/actions/workflows/deno.yml)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/cemusta/aoc-2024/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/cemusta/aoc-2024)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cemusta/aoc-2024/graph/badge.svg?token=VQfxs6ZEql)](https://codecov.io/gh/cemusta/aoc-2024)
This repository contains a small Deno project tackling advent of code 2024 coding challanges.

## Challenge

For information about Advent of Code check here: <https://adventofcode.com/2024/>

## Progress

2 out of 50 stars.

![progress bar 4 percent](https://progress-bar.xyz/4/?progress_color=33ff33)

## Running locally

this repo was build and tested with Deno 2.1.2, start by installing packages with

```bash
# install packages
deno i
```

You can run solutions with `deno` like this

```bash
deno ./src/day1.solve.ts -R
```

You can start tests with

```bash
deno test -R
```

Commit message:

Enhance GitHub Actions workflow for Deno: add linting step, update coverage file paths, and upload test results to Codecov

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2024

[![Github actions](https://github.com/cemusta/aoc-2024/actions/workflows/deno.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cemusta/aoc-2024/actions/workflows/deno.yml)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/cemusta/aoc-2024/badge)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/cemusta/aoc-2024)
[![Codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cemusta/aoc-2024/graph/badge.svg?token=VQfxs6ZEql)](https://codecov.io/gh/cemusta/aoc-2024)
This repository contains a small Deno project tackling advent of code 2024 coding challanges.

## Challenge

For information about Advent of Code check here: <https://adventofcode.com/2024/>

## Progress

2 out of 50 stars.

![progress bar 4 percent](https://progress-bar.xyz/4/?progress_color=33ff33)

## Running locally

this repo was build and tested with Deno 2.1.2, start by installing packages with

```bash
# install packages
deno i
```

You can run solutions with `deno` like this

```bash
deno task day1
```

You can start tests and coverage with

```bash
deno task coverage
```
